hello this is Don Guyer lead game
designer for legends of a serious today
we'll be presenting basic combat when
are the main goals of this project was
to develop a rich combat system based on
realistic physics calculations and
player control your hits are counted
when your weapon physically makes
contact so there are no random dice
rolls statistics or percentages it's all
based on actual collision physics these
actions will also be player controlled
meaning there's no auto aim or auto lock
of the nearest enemy hits are based on
how successful a player aims their
attacks in legends of a serious we
developed a system based on three
different kinds of damage first we have
Shock Force shock force causes knocked
back and interrupts your enemies second
we have other damage other damage causes
persistent damage like burning or venom
damage
and third we have impact damage impact
damage is your more traditional damage
like neely arranged damage that simply
de ducts hit points from your enemies
all attacks based on their nature of
some combination of these three types of
damage so let's get into controlling
your player through some basic attacks
basic melee attacks are done by simply
tapping your left and right mouse button
to attack something beside you side step
in the direction you want to attack and
tap the mouse button to perform a quick
lunge attack move forward and tap the
spacebar to make a power or charged
attack hold down on the mouse button
until the attack is charged and then
release these basic attacks work for all
melee weapon types
your character attributes also affect
your physical combat prowess for example
if you had a great deal of strength to
your character the actual force they
produce when scoring a hit is increased
the player also has a basic kick attack
this can be a quick and effective method
of disabling opponents in close combat
situations there is also a variety of
ranged weapons hold down the left mouse
button to aim release the left mouse
button to fire tap the left mouse button
for a quick shot the weapon will
automatically reload when the chamber is
empty you have free movement while
aiming
the same controls work for all ranged
weapons once again your character
attributes can affect your range combat
power and effectiveness
by adding a great deal of perception you
can increase your critical hit damage
when scoring a head shot dodging attacks
first we will go over movement with your
weapons equipped sidestep and hit the
spacebar to roll out to the side move
backwards and hit the spacebar to dodge
backwards moving forward and hitting the
spacebar will make you lunge forward
sheath your weapons using the ctrl key
when you have no weapons equipped you
can move faster but cannot attack
sidestep and hit the spacebar to roll
out to the side move backwards and hit
the spacebar to dodge backwards moving
forward and hitting the spacebar will
make you jump being proficient at
dodging and lunging can make you an
elusive and formidable opponent Perry
and block skills are vital to learn if
you want to master the combat system
hold down the right mouse button to
block note that you have free movement
in this position while blocking you can
stab by tapping the left mouse button
while blocking you can use your shield
for an attack by hitting the F key to
shield bash you compare your block using
the right mouse button use the left
shift button to parry if you have a
shield equipped you have to time your
blocks to be effective this is an early
block while this is a perfectly timed
block your shield can provide an
important defense against ranged attacks
use your shield to thwart ranged attacks
by blocking the incoming projectiles
dodging attacking blocking as well as
taking hits can cause you to lose
stamina if your stamina gets too low
your overall player speed will lower and
you can lose the ability to perform
certain attacks once again your
character attributes can affect your
blocking ability by raising your
Constitution you can increase your
stamina which will allow you to perform
more actions as well as withstand more
blocks and hits without taking a stamina
penalty the ability to perform a wide
variety of attacks and deal different
types of damage will make you a
formidable opponent whether you're
fighting MPC enemies and single player
or co-op PvE or engaging in PvP combat
against live enemies being able to adapt
your strategy is the key to success in
legends of a serious we hope this gives
you a basic understanding of our unique
combat system thank you for your time
and look for more developer videos
regarding legends of a serious in the
weeks ahead
you